LONGDON_.TXT

The attached font LONGDON DECORATIVE is Copyright [c] Roger White - all rights reserved. 

This font is Charityware, and has been specifically developed to benefit a group
of Autistic children with whom the author works. Provided this font is used for
non-commercial purposes then a fee of £5.00 should be sent to the address below
if the font is used for more than 28 days after the file was obtained by the end
user. If the font is used by a registered business in the course of their work
then a fee of £25.00 should be sent to the address below. No fee is payable to
the author for it's use. 

Cheques should be made payable to 'Longdon Hall School Childrens Fund' and
should be sent to:-
The Treasurer - Childrens Fund,
Longdon Hall School,
Longdon Green,
Rugeley,
Staffs,
WS15 4PT.
Please mention my name when sending your payment. The money in this fund is used
to provide the children at the school with specialised play equiptment and outings
which hopefully will contribute to their development. The fund is administered by
volunteer trustees who make no deductions either for their services or
administration costs.

You may pass on copies to your friends provided that the copy contains all of the
files from the original package as follows:-

Postscript Type 1 package - LONGDON_.ZIP contains:-

LONGDON_.AFM
LONGDON_.PFB
LONGDON_.PFM
LONGDON_.INF
LONGDON_.TXT

TrueType package - LONGDON_.ZIP Contains:-

LONGDON_.TTF
LONGDON_.TXT

If this font is included as part of a font collection which has not been compiled
by the author then by including the font the Distributors agree to pay the sum of
£5,000 to the above named charity.

If the font is included on the cover disk of a magazine then by including the font
the owners of the magazine agree to make a one off payment to the above named
Charity of £5,000.

This font has been released in Type 1 and Truetype formats for the PC.
Conversion of this font to any other format is expressly forbidden. 
Alteration of this font in any way is expressly forbidden.
 
'LONGDON DECORATIVE' is a high quality font containing full hinting for correct 
rendering at small point sizes and a total of 105 kerning pairs for correct 
character spacing. It is supplied 'as is' and no waranty is implied or given 
by the author. The font is suitable for both headlines and body text, and should 
render well down to 14 point. The font contains a complete ISO8859-1 ANSI 8 bit 
Extended Character Set. It was hand traced in order to achieve a high quality 
outline and compiled using Type Designer 3.1. This font represents
aproximately 400 manhours of work.

The latest version of this font is always available for download from the
file list of the fonts conference on the Cix conferencing system. The author
would appreciate notification of any problems experienced with this font
together with any suggestions for improvements.

Roger White,
1, Owens Close,
Rugeley,
Staffs,
WS15 2YH,
England.

rogerwhite@cix.co.uk